Corporate America doesn't want to talk about defunding police-Chauncey Alcorn
"So much of policing right now is generated and directed toward quality-of-life issues, homelessness, drug addiction, domestic violence," Black Lives Matter co-founder Alicia Garza told NBC News in a recent interview.
Microsoft MSFT told CNN Business it is "looking into" responding to a request for comment on the issue of defunding police.
In its email response to CNN Business, Microsoft didn't comment on how it plans to respond to its employees' letter.
"We are 100% in support of Black Lives Matter," board member Terrance Holliday told CNN Business.
Black business leaders may also be conflicted about defunding police.

Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky: 'We could have done so much more' on race-Kaya Yurieff,Cnn Business
To that end, Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky acknowledged his company must do better on diversity.
Last week, Reddit cofounder Alexis Ohanian resigned from his company's board and urged the social platform to replace him with a black candidate.
On Wednesday, Reddit named Michael Seibel, the CEO of Silicon Valley startup accelerator Y Combinator, as the first black board member in the company's history.
Chesky said Seibel has been an important personal mentor to him, and that there is room to add more board seats at Airbnb.
"It's a big, big problem in Silicon Valley.

Seattle autonomous zone 'leader' denies acting like 'warlord' in 'no cop, co-op'-Danielle Wallace
A group of protesters who have taken over downtown Seattle, creating a six-block autonomous zone made up of armed citizen patrols, already appears to be suffering from infighting caused by a leadership chasm and arguments over heavy-handedness.
The world has NEVER been ready for a strong black man.
Simone received pushback Wednesday after a video posted online showed him shoving another man to stop him from spray-painting a building within the "autonomous" zone.
"This was an attempt at de-escalation for spraying paint onto a building which resulted in an alleged assault," TheWholeStory tweeted.
In response to the video, Simone said: This actually went beautifully and we all hugged it out and spoke with his dad.

Conservative group asks DC mayor for permission to paint their own message on street-Morgan Phillips
Conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch has asked Mayor Muriel Bowser for permission to paint its own message on Washington, D.C., streets, after the mayor allowed Black Lives Matter to be painted on a road leading to the White House before Defund The Police was added by protesters.
Judicial Watch asked Bowser and D.C. Attorney General Karl Racine for permission to paint Because No One is Above the Law! on a Capitol Hill street.
PROTESTERS ADD 'DEFUND THE POLICE' TO 'BLACK LIVES MATTER' MURAL NEAR WHITE HOUSEBowser is under pressure to reduce funding for the city's police and reinvest that money elsewhere.
The local chapter of Black Lives Matter derided Bowser's widely publicized move to paint Black Lives Matter across one of the streets near the White House.
Images from 16th Street in the nation's capital now show a smaller "Defund The Police" message attached to the "Black Lives Matter" one.

The Best Apple Deals: Save Up to $100 Off 2019 Apple iPads for Black Friday-
These are cheaper than the prices you'll find at the Apple Store Outlet.
The best Black Friday deal on the current generation Apple iPad has gone live!
It's a bitter fight to the end to get Apple to drop prices on their very popular Apple Airpods.
For Black Friday, Apple Store is offering up to a $200 gift card with a qualifying purchase.
Check out his latest Daily Deals Article, follow him at IGN Deals on Twitter and Facebook, and subscribe to his IGN Deals Newsletter.

Nintendo Switch Deals Cyber Monday 2019: Switch Lite, Bundles, Mario, Zelda, Console Bundles, and More-
Let's look at the best Nintendo Switch deals of Cyber Monday.
Digital Switch Games on Amazon for $39.99A bunch of the best Switch games on the market are on sale now in digital form.
Cyber Monday 2019Here are the best Cyber Monday sales on just about everything.
Black Friday Cyber Monday Deals at WalmartBlack Friday Cyber Monday Deals at AmazonBlack Friday Cyber Monday Deals at GameStopBlack Friday Cyber Monday Deals at Best BuyPS4 Black Friday Cyber Monday Deals at TargetWalmart has published information about the Cyber Monday Walmart deals you can expect.
All told, this is a terrific time to buy a Nintendo Switch or Switch Lite.

